README.md, before:

# Grind75

## Overview
This repository contains my solutions to the [Grind75](https://www.techinterviewhandbook.org/grind75/) list.

All entries are sourced from my [LeetCode](https://github.com/shumarb/leetcode) repository.

(*Note*: Performance is the percentage of submissions that my code outperforms in terms of runtime.)

Completed: 19/75.

| #  | Question                                                                                                                                   | Submission                                                                                                       | Runtime | Performance |
|----|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------|-------------|
| 1  | [Two Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/description/)                                                                              | [Java](https://github.com/shumarb/leetcode/blob/main/easy/java/TwoSum.java)                                      | 1ms     | 98.25%      |
| 2  | [Valid Parentheses](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-parentheses/description/)                                                          | [Java](https://github.com/shumarb/leetcode/blob/main/easy/java/ValidParentheses.java)                            | 2ms     | 97.66%      |
| 3  | [Merge Two Sorted Lists](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-two-sorted-lists/description/)                                                | [Java](https://github.com/shumarb/leetcode/blob/main/easy/java/MergeTwoSortedLists.java)                         | 0ms     | 100%        |
| 4  | [Best Time To Buy And Sell Stock](https://leetcode.com/problems/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock/description/)                              | [Java](https://github.com/shumarb/leetcode/blob/main/easy/java/BestTimeToBuyAndSellStock.java)                   | 2ms     | 72.40%      |
| 5  | [Valid Palindrome](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-palindrome/description/)                                                            | [Java](https://github.com/shumarb/leetcode/blob/main/easy/java/ValidPalindrome.java)                             | 4ms     | 54.42%      |
| 7  | [Valid Anagram](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-anagram/description/)                                                                  | [Java](https://github.com/shumarb/leetcode/blob/main/easy/java/ValidAnagram.java)                                | 3ms     | 90.36%      |
| 8  | [Binary Search](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-search/description/)                                                                  | [Java](https://github.com/shumarb/leetcode/blob/main/easy/java/BinarySearch.java)                                | 0ms     | 100%        |
| 16 | [Linked List Cycle](https://leetcode.com/problems/linked-list-cycle/description/)                                                          | [Java](https://github.com/shumarb/leetcode/blob/main/easy/java/LinkedListCycle.java)                             | 0ms     | 100%        |
| 17 | [Implement Queue Using Stacks](https://leetcode.com/problems/implement-queue-using-stacks/description/)                                    | [Java](https://github.com/shumarb/leetcode/blob/main/easy/java/ImplementQueueUsingStacks.java)                   | 0ms     | 100%        |
| 18 | [First Bad Version](https://leetcode.com/problems/first-bad-version/description/)                                                          | [Java](https://github.com/shumarb/leetcode/blob/main/easy/java/FirstBadVersion.java)                             | 24ms    | 98.13%      |
| 19 | [Ransom Note](https://leetcode.com/problems/ransom-note/description/)                                                                      | [Java](https://github.com/shumarb/leetcode/blob/main/easy/java/RansomNote.java)                                  | 1ms     | 99.52%      |
| 20 | [Longest Substring Without Repeated Characters](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-substring-without-repeating-characters/description/) | [Java](https://github.com/shumarb/leetcode/blob/main/medium/java/LongestSubstringWithoutRepeatedCharacters.java) | 6ms     | 70.02%      |
| 28 | [Product of Array Except Self](https://leetcode.com/problems/product-of-array-except-self/description/)                                    | [Java](https://github.com/shumarb/leetcode/blob/main/medium/java/ProductOfArrayExceptSelf.java)                  | 2ms     | 89.32%      |
| 32 | [Reverse Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-linked-list/description/)                                                      | [Java](https://github.com/shumarb/leetcode/blob/main/easy/java/ReverseLinkedList.java)                           | 4ms     | 98.74%      |
| 46 | [Majority Element](https://leetcode.com/problems/majority-element/description/)                                                            | [Java](https://github.com/shumarb/leetcode/blob/main/easy/java/MajorityElement.java)                             | 2ms     | 99.80%      |
| 62 | [Merge k Sorted Lists](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-k-sorted-lists/description/)                                                    | [Java](https://github.com/shumarb/leetcode/blob/main/hard/java/MergeKSortedLists.java)                           | 5ms     | 34.76%      |
| 65 | [Contains Duplicate](https://leetcode.com/problems/contains-duplicate/description)                                                         | [Java](https://github.com/shumarb/leetcode/blob/main/easy/java/ContainsDuplicate.java)                           | 10ms    | 89.16%      |
| 68 | [Container With Most Water](https://leetcode.com/problems/container-with-most-water/description/)                                          | [Java](https://github.com/shumarb/leetcode/blob/main/medium/java/ContainerWithMostWater.java)                    | 5ms     | 74.40%      |
| 71 | [Find All Anagrams in a String](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-all-anagrams-in-a-string/description/)                                  | [Java](https://github.com/shumarb/leetcode/blob/main/medium/java/FindAllAnagramsInAString.java)                  | 9ms     | 91.31%      |

Commit message:

Added submission for Middle of the Linked List

README.md, after:

# Grind75

## Overview
This repository contains my solutions to the [Grind75](https://www.techinterviewhandbook.org/grind75/) list.

All entries are sourced from my [LeetCode](https://github.com/shumarb/leetcode) repository.

(*Note*: Performance is the percentage of submissions that my code outperforms in terms of runtime.)

Completed: 20/75.

| #  | Question                                                                                                                                   | Submission                                                                                                       | Runtime | Performance |
|----|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------|-------------|
| 1  | [Two Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/description/)                                                                              | [Java](https://github.com/shumarb/leetcode/blob/main/easy/java/TwoSum.java)                                      | 1ms     | 98.25%      |
| 2  | [Valid Parentheses](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-parentheses/description/)                                                          | [Java](https://github.com/shumarb/leetcode/blob/main/easy/java/ValidParentheses.java)                            | 2ms     | 97.66%      |
| 3  | [Merge Two Sorted Lists](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-two-sorted-lists/description/)                                                | [Java](https://github.com/shumarb/leetcode/blob/main/easy/java/MergeTwoSortedLists.java)                         | 0ms     | 100%        |
| 4  | [Best Time To Buy And Sell Stock](https://leetcode.com/problems/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock/description/)                              | [Java](https://github.com/shumarb/leetcode/blob/main/easy/java/BestTimeToBuyAndSellStock.java)                   | 2ms     | 72.40%      |
| 5  | [Valid Palindrome](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-palindrome/description/)                                                            | [Java](https://github.com/shumarb/leetcode/blob/main/easy/java/ValidPalindrome.java)                             | 4ms     | 54.42%      |
| 7  | [Valid Anagram](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-anagram/description/)                                                                  | [Java](https://github.com/shumarb/leetcode/blob/main/easy/java/ValidAnagram.java)                                | 3ms     | 90.36%      |
| 8  | [Binary Search](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-search/description/)                                                                  | [Java](https://github.com/shumarb/leetcode/blob/main/easy/java/BinarySearch.java)                                | 0ms     | 100%        |
| 16 | [Linked List Cycle](https://leetcode.com/problems/linked-list-cycle/description/)                                                          | [Java](https://github.com/shumarb/leetcode/blob/main/easy/java/LinkedListCycle.java)                             | 0ms     | 100%        |
| 17 | [Implement Queue Using Stacks](https://leetcode.com/problems/implement-queue-using-stacks/description/)                                    | [Java](https://github.com/shumarb/leetcode/blob/main/easy/java/ImplementQueueUsingStacks.java)                   | 0ms     | 100%        |
| 18 | [First Bad Version](https://leetcode.com/problems/first-bad-version/description/)                                                          | [Java](https://github.com/shumarb/leetcode/blob/main/easy/java/FirstBadVersion.java)                             | 24ms    | 98.13%      |
| 19 | [Ransom Note](https://leetcode.com/problems/ransom-note/description/)                                                                      | [Java](https://github.com/shumarb/leetcode/blob/main/easy/java/RansomNote.java)                                  | 1ms     | 99.52%      |
| 20 | [Longest Substring Without Repeated Characters](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-substring-without-repeating-characters/description/) | [Java](https://github.com/shumarb/leetcode/blob/main/medium/java/LongestSubstringWithoutRepeatedCharacters.java) | 6ms     | 70.02%      |
| 28 | [Product of Array Except Self](https://leetcode.com/problems/product-of-array-except-self/description/)                                    | [Java](https://github.com/shumarb/leetcode/blob/main/medium/java/ProductOfArrayExceptSelf.java)                  | 2ms     | 89.32%      |
| 32 | [Reverse Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-linked-list/description/)                                                      | [Java](https://github.com/shumarb/leetcode/blob/main/easy/java/ReverseLinkedList.java)                           | 4ms     | 98.74%      |
| 49 | [Middle of the Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/middle-of-the-linked-list/description/)                                          | [Java](https://github.com/shumarb/leetcode/blob/main/easy/java/MiddleOfTheLinkedList.java)                       | 0ms     | 100%        |
| 46 | [Majority Element](https://leetcode.com/problems/majority-element/description/)                                                            | [Java](https://github.com/shumarb/leetcode/blob/main/easy/java/MajorityElement.java)                             | 2ms     | 99.80%      |
| 62 | [Merge k Sorted Lists](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-k-sorted-lists/description/)                                                    | [Java](https://github.com/shumarb/leetcode/blob/main/hard/java/MergeKSortedLists.java)                           | 5ms     | 34.76%      |
| 65 | [Contains Duplicate](https://leetcode.com/problems/contains-duplicate/description)                                                         | [Java](https://github.com/shumarb/leetcode/blob/main/easy/java/ContainsDuplicate.java)                           | 10ms    | 89.16%      |
| 68 | [Container With Most Water](https://leetcode.com/problems/container-with-most-water/description/)                                          | [Java](https://github.com/shumarb/leetcode/blob/main/medium/java/ContainerWithMostWater.java)                    | 5ms     | 74.40%      |
| 71 | [Find All Anagrams in a String](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-all-anagrams-in-a-string/description/)                                  | [Java](https://github.com/shumarb/leetcode/blob/main/medium/java/FindAllAnagramsInAString.java)                  | 9ms     | 91.31%      |
